Investigate ONLY the durable nightly Shopify pricing phase issue observed in production.

PRODUCTION CONTEXT

The currently deployed production commit is:
3788a03bb888ffd7681498e97b2fd70bae8e69d6

A clean manual GitHub nightly workflow was started with:
cycleKey = 2026-08-29

The GitHub workflow is healthy and repeatedly receives valid HTTP responses from:
POST /api/internal/nightly-cycle

However, the cycle has remained for a long time at:

status=running
phase=pricing

There are no 5-minute HTTP timeouts anymore. Requests return normally, but the cycle does not advance from pricing to inventory.

An older orphaned run also exists:
sourceSyncRunId = 9a148ca1-b6fe-467b-84aa-fb349bf217c0
nightlyCycleKey = 2026-08-30
status = running

DO NOT modify production or call production endpoints.

OBJECTIVE

Inspect the current code and determine why a durable nightly cycle can repeatedly return:
status=running, phase=pricing
without eventually advancing to inventory.

IMPORTANT:
This is a targeted investigation/fix.
Do NOT redesign the nightly architecture.
Do NOT modify Google feed behavior.
Do NOT modify the newly completed Task #99 Meta MARKET feed implementation unless required for compatibility.
Do NOT modify exclusions.
Do NOT modify the 10% feed guardrail.
Do NOT modify CHF logic.
Do NOT add a paid service.
Do NOT Publish.
Do NOT run a production sync or production nightly-cycle.

CHECK SPECIFICALLY

1. Whether pricing is actually processed in bounded durable slices.
2. Whether pricing progress/checkpoint is persisted atomically.
3. Whether every successful pricing slice advances its checkpoint.
4. Whether a completed pricing phase can transition to inventory.
5. Whether the same pricing slice can be replayed indefinitely.
6. Whether lease ownership/expiry can prevent progress.
7. Whether a zero-work or already-current pricing slice can loop forever.
8. Whether source run / cycleKey state can incorrectly resolve to the older orphaned run.
9. Whether the 2026-08-29 cycle could be reusing or waiting on state belonging to the 2026-08-30 orphan.
10. Whether GitHub polling every ~2 seconds can interfere with lease/progress behavior.
11. Whether any error is swallowed and converted back to status=running.
12. Whether pricing has an explicit durable completion condition.

If a code defect is found:
- implement the smallest safe fix;
- add regression tests reproducing the stuck-pricing condition;
- preserve atomic transaction/checkpoint guarantees;
- preserve resume/idempotency behavior.

Then run:
- targeted tests;
- full API test suite;
- API typecheck;
- API build;
- git diff --check.

Review the fix for blockers before completion.

At the end STOP and report:
- root cause;
- whether a code change was required;
- exact commit hash if changed;
- files changed;
- targeted test results;
- full API test results;
- typecheck/build results;
- whether DB migration is required;
- whether it is safe to Publish together with Task #99;
- exact recommended recovery procedure for the currently stuck production cycles AFTER Publish.

DO NOT Publish.
DO NOT call production.